hi my name is Marie Lally and I'm a
realtor with O'Brien realty in Southern
Maryland I'm very happy to present to
you this beautiful home located in
country lakes in mechanicsville in st.
Mary's County this is a four-bedroom
two-bath split foyer located on over one
acre of very private wooded land the
home is situated beautifully in a wooded
setting has beautiful decks and patios
on the exterior and it is brick the
entry of the house is beautiful the
foyer is the slate foyer which is very
unique it as beautiful rails going
upstairs and the upstairs opens up into
a very gracious living in addition to
that there is a beautiful dining room
with chair rail molding and wainscoting
treatment on the walls and the kitchen
is to die for with the custom cabinetry
that was built by a local very reputable
cabinet maker in addition to that the
home features a smooth top range and a
microwave hood fan
the master bedroom is very large and
also there is a luxury bathroom upstairs
features the two bowl sink and an
oversized deep soaking tub in addition
to that there is a separate shower and a
tile work is just beautiful both on the
floor and the tub deck the home has been
lovingly maintained and is in excellent
condition let's go downstairs there's a
huge family room family room features a
beautiful brick fireplace which has a
buck wood stove insert and in addition
to that there's a second master bedroom
downstairs that's quite large there's
also a full bath which features the
stand-up shower and this is a feature
that is fantastic there is a second
kitchen downstairs which is fully
equipped with a range and a refrigerator
in addition to that the home is located
like I said in country lakes the
community offers tennis courts and
basketball courts and a baseball field
and wonderfully enough where the home is
situated there is no HOA for those great
features give me a call if you'd like to
view this home my name is Marie Lally
I'm with O'Brien Realty I'm best reached
on my cell phone at 3017 488 698 or you
can email me at Murray at Murray Lally
calm and please be sure to visit my
website at WWE
base comm / Marie Lally I'd love to hear
from you and I'd love to show you this
beautiful home